Revised Network Throttling dropdown list (#3473)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/index.md

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Video: Learn to Use the Network Tool
<!-- equiv. to top of upstream -->

For a video version of this tutorial, view the following video:

[![Thumbnail image for video "Learn to Use the Network Tool"](./index-images/network-tool-intro-video.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niG_Ck6E5L8)

> <!-- TODO: entire section needs a Microsoft Edge DevTools rewrite  -->

Author: removed TODO.  unclear which "entire section", presumably the one h2 section below.
Changed mid-sentence list to unordered list.
@captainbrosset

Reviewer: Sure, that's ok.

> 

Author: in article "Inspect network activity", line 43 in "main" and this PR says:
```
<!-- TODO: entire section needs a Microsoft Edge DevTools rewrite -->
```
live:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/
upstream:
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/network/

Do you know the context/scenario?  I didn't enter that "TODO" comment.  Out of scope for Throttling PR, probably.  Will probably keep this TODO as-is, in this PR.  Probably article has loose ends from upstream content.
@captainbrosset

Author: the phrase "entire section" is vague.  Move line closer to the h2, or say "article", or specify which heading.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Search network headers and responses
<!-- https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/network#search -->

Use the **Search** pane when you need to search the HTTP headers and responses of all resources for a certain string or regular expression.

> For example, suppose you want to verify that your resources are using reasonable cache policies.<!-- todo: add & link to cache policies section: [cache policies](https://web.dev/uses-long-cache-ttl/) ends up at [Serve static assets with an efficient cache policy](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/performance/uses-long-cache-ttl) -->

Author: rewrote TODO comment, updated hidden link(s).  Upstream's link redirects.
Further Maint work here is likely out of scope for this PR.
@captainbrosset

Reviewer: I think we can link to this MDN guide on HTTP Caching: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Caching

```suggestion
For example, use the **Search** pane to verify that your resources are using the correct cache policies. To learn more about HTTP caching, see [HTTP caching](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Caching).
```

No need to go too much into the details of what efficient caching is here, let's not be too clever. We can't assume what readers will use the search tool for.

Author: result:
```
For example, use the **Search** pane to verify that your resources are using the correct cache policies, as follows:
...

See also:
* [HTTP caching](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Caching) at MDN.

```
